Here is a collections of small tabular datasets that you can use to test the functionality of our websites. Each folder will contain its original dataset and deritves datasets that are sampled from the original dataset. It is recommanded to use the train datasets to train models and use test dataset to make predictions, since it is imperical to ensure that the data used to predict does not involve in the training process. In additio, it will take longer time for our website to process larger datasets and the website's connection may become laggy. 

The *train_test_split.py* file is used to split the original dataset into training and testing datasets with appropiate sizes.

Here are the description of available datasets:
- **Adult**. It records personal and financial details of the Unitied States citizens in 1950s. The recommanded value to predict is "income", which means whether their income exceed 50k
- **COMPAS**. It consists of criminal history, jail and prison time, demographics and COMPAS risk scores from Broward County. The recommanded value to predict is "two_year_recid", which means whether they will conduct offence again during two years after release.
- **Diabetic**. It represents ten years (1999-2008) of clinical care at 130 US hospitals and integrated delivery networks. The recommanded value to predict is "readmitted", which means whether the patient needs to readmit to hospital.
- **Job**. It is a comprehensive collection of information regarding job applicants and their respective employability scores. The recommanded value to predict is "Employed", which indicates whether they are currently employed.
- **OULAD**. It contains data about courses, students and their interactions with Virtual Learning Environment (VLE) for seven selected courses. The recommanded value to predict is "final_result", which indicates the final grades of each student regarding their courses.